i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Mvc.dll.config
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Mvc.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Mvc.pdb
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Aplicacao.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Dominio.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Repositorio.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Aplicacao.pdb
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Dominio.pdb
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Repositorio.pdb
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.dll
i:\users\deyvi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Aplicacao.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Dominio.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\mscorlib.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Repositorio.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Aplicacao.pdb
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Digimon.Dominio.pdb
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\Repositorio.pdb
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\normidna.nlp
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\normnfc.nlp
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\normnfd.nlp
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\normnfkc.nlp
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\bin\normnfkd.nlp
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\AlunoInfnet\Desktop\GITHUB\.Net\Megidramon\Digimon.Mvc\obj\Debug\Digimon.Mvc.pdb
